topojsone docs (#45)
geocaml/ocaml-topojson: README.md

  | Topology t -> Topology.foreign_members t;;
- : (string * json) list = [("extra", `A [`String "Wow!"])]
```

# Topojsone

> Topojson is a non-blocking, streaming parser for TopoJSON objects. It uses jsone and [Eio](https://github.com/ocaml-multicore/eio) library.

Reviewer: We don't actually depend on Eio (except in the tests), you'll notice our source and destinations are actually just functions that fill and read buffers, it is up to the user to provide non-blocking versions of these functions in order for the parser to be truly non-blocking. I would maybe state that and then say one such library that can provide these functions is Eio and that is what we shall use for the rest of the example :))

Author: Okay.😊

## Sources
`src_of_flow` takes a "flow" and returns a function that reads from the flow into a buffer and returns a substring of the buffer.
```ocaml
# let src_of_flow flow =
  let buff = Cstruct.create 2048 in
  fun () ->

>     let got = Eio.Flow.(read flow buff) in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    let got = Eio.Flow.(single_read flow buff) in
```

    let t = Cstruct.sub buff 0 got in
    t;;
Line 4, characters 25-29:
Alert deprecated: Eio.Flow.read
Use single_read if you really want this.
val src_of_flow : #Eio.Flow.source -> unit -> Cstruct.t = <fun>
```

> `with_src` opens a file with a given name, creates a source of flow using the file, then calls a given function with that source of flow as an argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`with_src` opens a file with a given name creating a flow in the process. We can then use `source_of_flow` to turn this into a function that is compatible with the `Topojsone` API.
```

```ocaml
# let with_src cwd f func =
  Eio.Path.(with_open_in (cwd / f)) @@ fun ic -> func @@ src_of_flow ic;;
val with_src :
  #Eio.Fs.dir Eio.Path.t -> string -> ((unit -> Cstruct.t) -> 'a) -> 'a =
  <fun>
```

## Destinations

> `buffer_to_dst` is a function that takes a buffer and a Cstruct, and turns it into a destination by coping the contents of the Cstruct into the buffer using the Eio.Flow.copy function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Destinations are functions that take a buffer full of data and should put that somewhere. `buffer_to_dst` is a function that takes a buffer and a Cstruct, and turns it into a destination by copying the contents of the Cstruct into the buffer using the `Eio.Flow.copy` function.
```
